
-V3Q-uUT6Ww
melonie you rock! I really like your views on things. I especially like how you put a Bible verse in every video.
thank you for the Bible reading


0bANCyJ-Nfw
I love that you always have a quote from the Bible thats relevant to the topics you talk about. even if I dont necessarily consider myself Christian  although I do still believe in God   its great to see how the truth and value within these scriptures that have been around for many millennia still hold up.

when I started to follow you it was because you were into videogames which is something that I am really into. I was surprised to hear that you go to church and doing Bible verses on your channel. I used to go to church but itseemed like my age group didn t go to church. I would find people too old to kids or anybody close to my age were married. I ended up leaving the church for that and for other reasons. I think its cool that you still go and happy for you. kind of wish I could do the same...


0ceqkDyhJ0A
I lost my faith a decade ago but I find alot of comfort hearing you talk about Bible passages  thank you for being you mel
appreciate the little Bible study in the second part of the video.

great video today.  Im a pastor of a small church and I love your takes on culture and great Bible sharing at the end.

hey good late afternoon melonie I just want to say that I really love and like your Bible verses that youread everyday bc it really helps me stay strong with my faith with God and helps me that I need to continuing to read my Bible everyday to know that God loves me very much and so I just want to thanks for your Bible verses everyday melonie.

Im impressed with your desire to follow Bible standards even if others dislike it. props to you for that.


1HVXHQgIDs0
thank you for putting these videos out  and for inspiring others to do better with their lives. Ive had a very rocky relationship with the Lord these past few years and you ve got me to pick up the Bible once again. Im on the path towards healing  so thanks.

came for the problematic gamer takes. stayed for the Bible verse of the day.


1WWxPyETp20
I absolutely love how you are doing Bible verses at the end of your videos! as a fellow Christian gamer girl I fully support and encourage you doing this!!!!!

really enjoyed your perspective. also happy to see someone in the gaming nerd culture so open about their faith. looking forward to the next one!

hello melonie!this Bible verse made me burst into tears two years ago.  I had a special moment with Christ and I love it!  thank you for sharing the verse with us.  

I love how you end your videos with a Bible verse and talking about the word. I am happy that jeremy put me onto you take care

unfortunate turn of events. however thank you for the Bible verse. just found your channel. cheers

I love that you end the video with a Bible verse.

love the reflection  thank you for quoting the Bible  keep up the amazing work

hey this is the first video of yours Ive seen. I was shocked by the little Bible study at the end  but I absolutely loved it!

wow! great to see you end the video with a Bible verse. may God prosper you in your future endeavors.

I like you  I think I should subscribe. I lost my faith a little  and I like to see someone on yt who is not afraid to put Bible verses in videos that are not about religion. maybe this even helps me a little bit.


20bTnXhWNjM
found your channel recently and I loving it it nice to see there s a Christian on youtube thats not  just a preacher or a Bible study. Im glad I found your channel.

I love the verses you share! living by the Bible  living the way God designed us to  is such an act of rebellion these days its insane

I really appreciate your Bible segments. whatever it is you do makes it connect with me a lot more than sitting in a pew for how ever many hours and going to sunday school ever could.

never apologise for your faith or for sharing it. I love the Bible verses and you have encouraged me to share more

the Bible verses is probably the thing I love most about you. keep up the good work. to paraphrase a famous quote  someone with no enemies is someone who s never stood up for anything in their life.

the Bible says be strong  so eat meat.


2YOFIL5_1lM
I really like your Bible verses that you preach and read to us every day. anyway keep it up and I am so happy for you too melonie. anyway hope you have a wonderful and great blessed evening at home with your pets and have a good night too melonie. anyway God bless you melonie.

so I was thinking about what you said and that person suggested  and I started to pray every day and out loud... I like it!



2ZbcQrv6h4A
even in the Bible in the books of exodus and leviticus that have all the rules God had jewish people follow before Jesus came and gave us the new covenant  God didn t exclude all meat from the list of stuff you couldn t eat  even God knows you need to eat meat!

I greatly appreciate your Bible study segments !!!!

please keep reading longer Bible passages!  they re great!



3gQmgXBpefI
really enjoyed everything you said.  especially the Bible verse.  my dad recorded the books on tape when I was a kid.  he read the hobbit to us.  such good memories.  anyway  when you were talking about strong feminine women I thought that you looked and sounded that way.  appreciate you.

I just want to say I love the fact that you are adding Bible verses to your videos. Ive been a Christian since I was 5 years  Im 32 currently  and it is very encouraging to hear God s word on youtube. and I love how you are doing your content how you want to do it.

lol the doritos and doritos dust. hahahaha wonderful Bible quote. thank you for this again.

good Bible verse by the way. I need to live like that more

adding the Bible verse is very brave  I have much respect for you. thank you.



3rdbfY9795U
sister  there s a bible verse that says   i will contend with those who contend with you and i will save your children!    that s the lord promising he will do this! 


4cPT6UVF9Vk
such great content! thank you so much for the bible verses  very encouraging!!

thank you dear sister. i look forward to bible study with you.


4DkU6pwAFSs
Im so glad you are encouraging us to draw near to God!  those Bible verses are lovely.

heya  extremely glad to find a youtuber with rational views that values the merits and mechanics of games over the social political views  and tops off every video with a Bible discussion! youre a diamond in the rough and I cant wait to see more of your content

I love how open you are with your Christianity. I too have been trying to read the Bible more. keep up the great work.

thanks for the Bible verses in the end. with the way the last couple of years had been  I appreciate this alot.

love your Bible verses reminds me of another Christian over 40 years ago on of all places cnn they had a celebrity chef graham kerr the galloping gourmet who did short segments of recipies and he insisted on a Bible verse at the end of each just like you keep up the good work

thanks for the Bible read at the end. its much appreciated mel!

I like hearing your takes on the Bible... Im not that into souls like games though...

okay I know I need to read my Bible more often that where I struggle hard nice to hear Im not the only 35 year old that is single.

dang! openly talking about Jesus and admitting to being Christian! brave. keep being open and firm in your belief. pray often.

we need to be all the more active in our faith  recalling the lesson of job  otherwise  yes  we will know when God draws away from us as we draw away from him.  pax melonie!  another great video!

ok I ll try to read my Bible more

Ive been struggling to read my Bible often.  Christ is king!


4JwqL8RhIhE

so know that we like your channel and specially when you quote bible verses out. really cool. we ve got your back melonie  it sucks there s trash like these people out there.

i hear that!i liked it when she used to do a short reading from the bible at the end of her videos. she did that for quite a while  and i can see how that might put some people off but she kept doing it which at least showed she s genuine.but  yeah   hearing her talk about her faith did help me with mine in a way so i m grateful for that.

the verses of the day got me to start reading my bible again. she s had such a positive influence on so many.


5HOKoGDu1R0
also the recent events have me actually reading revelation again. trying to remind myself not to be afraid in these times while also being a good reminder to continue doing God s work even when it becomes increasingly difficult. I love how you embody that with including the Bible verses at the end of your video! keep going boom  girl!

strangely finding myself drawn to biblical mythology recently and would like to read more. any suggestions on which version of the Bible you prefer to read

love how you are connecting Bible passages with modern events! go boom!



6e1sOpHXIxY
what you call a burden the bible describes as enduring.  love your channel  thank you for all your hard work.


6FxOaZB9WpU
honestly you have the best channel Ive ever heard. I love that you also incorporate some of your faith into your talks and read off Bible verses because sometimes I think people get scared of sharing that with other people. also I love gaming. I dont get to do it as often now that I have kids but every once in a while me and my husband will sit down and play diablo or cod or something like that and have an absolute blast.


6WvGmDDIz0A
yes I totally agree about the Bible!! I go to Bible studies almost every week and its amazing!! prayers for jeremy!! he s one of my favorite mcu actors.


8ooASUgrJEk
really enjoyed you and jay on the wttr podcast. after that i watched  fat fiction  and went down a food rabbit hole. plus i m also reading the bible again. thank you.

this just makes me more proud of my little sister  she cannot stand anything disney and would rather draw  read the bible  and learn new skills.


9CuJRWd6jDw
love the frank discussions and Bible verses. you got my sub! and yeah  you are definitely among people who accept and like you for who you are and not because of subscribing to woke garbage.

I love that you talk about your faith and read Bible verses in addition to covering pop culture stories!

always look forward to listening to the Bible verses you have in each video its definitely something unique and not a lot of people do it. keep it up!!!

honestly the best part about your videos is the Bible verses. please dont stop doing that. hardly anyone has the courage to do that.

loving this channel  love the daily Bible verse thing  that is awesome. you are awesome.

sidenote  while Im not Christian  I appreciate the little Bible verse at the end. I thought it was neat. just keep being yourself

gaming news and Bible verses ! !amazing!great job!!

I absolutely love that you do a Bible verse with each video. thank you

you should make a Bible based comic! that would be so awesome!

this was a great video and highly amusing  but it was the Bible verse at the end that really sealed the  like  for me!

I like how you integrate Bible versus into your commentary.

wonderful Bible verse. thank you for this.

hI the quartering sent me here  I really enjoyed the video and the Bible reading too. God bless you and pressing the red button.

I love that you put Bible verses in your videos. God bless you.

love the Bible verses btw  dont stop.

I love the Bible verses at the end

love the Bible verses. love the content

Im quite liking these Bible verses at the end of the videos  and Im not even religious.


_4LhcPp9Isw
really good Bible verse melonie. I share that one as a reply to one of your tweets not to long ago. we need to rise together. love the video melonie. still praying for your mother.

just stumbled on your video because the thumbnail reminded me of disparu s  and pulling up Bible gateway got me to sub  haha.

I like you your take on the Bible verse. when you first read it  I immediatly thought   damn  the Bible is big on gains

I loved the Bible verse at the end



_cxTgqnBCFA
you hit the nail on the head. I am a believer as well  and I want to thank you for standing up for the Bible and for the true truth. it means a lot to know there are others out there like you.

really really sad one of the first things I learned after being saved is you give up of yourself you have to grow smaller and God to grow bigger to make an impact on yourself and the world keep the faith girl we are as Christians being attacked as bigots racist or whatever they want to call us keep on fighting the good fight Jesus loves you

pretty great tangent imo. got some flashbacks to when you ended on Bible verses  which I always enjoyed .

Im not a Christian  but I respected your readings and was interested in your opinions of it 


_F3w0fUpnHI
hi melonie i ve following you for a bit  but this one  helped me out. since ive been struggleing with my faith as a chirstian  and trying to understand the   turn the other cheek ... thanks for bible references. keep it up  your channel is becoming one of my favorits

you want to check out a really metal bible book  check out the book of esther.


_rGmbIH-Ilc
I really love your videos and the message you bring even though we are very different people.  I am a liberal who does not believe in God with a capital g.
I even like your discussion of Bible passages. I find it more a genuine act of your belief system than an attack on mine.  please keep doing what you do in this channel cause it is so important and know that you have friends and allies in areas you might not think you do.

was going to watch a few of your videos to see if they are for me but then you started reading a Bible verse and I subbed immediately.   keep up the fantastic content.

ya know  Im not a Christian  Im an   innist  or norse pagan  or whatever you may want to call it. just dont lump me in with the  omg my crystals and tarot cards and astrology  wiccan cringe Lords lol but anyway  I absolutely love that you do the daily verse. why  because I believe there s a lot of wisdom in the Christian Bible and in Christian doctrine. I also like to see people be themselves  unapologetically. keep boomin   mel!

I like your Bible verse section. it is helping me get back into my own faith. take care and keep being you.

personally I think the Bible verses is one of the greatest things in any youtubers videos I love how you do that at the end

a dead fish can float downstream  but it takes a live one to swim upstream. - w. c. fields . so can I encourage you to keep running the race and reading your Bible everyday.

Im not religious but Ive read the Bible. it one of the most important books for humanity.


_S5LEYM0LNY
i admit that for far too long  i did not read my bible regularly. it was the end of 2019 i believe  that i finally started reading a chapter a day. i started with jumping around to various books  but the following year  i went back to the beginning and read from genesis onward. i m currently in mark  and my understanding of the bible  while nowhere near perfect  is exponentially better than it was.i am not a perfect christian  but reading the bible is most assuredly the best way to grow a relationship with god.

@melonie mac go boom and just know  i appreciate how you stand on the front lines and preach the bible



A6ytC5C6EkY
you have such wonderful content. I watch every night while Im cooking dinner. but the thing I love most is you got me interested in reading my Bible. or getting into it more.

I love that you are not afraid to share your faith with the world. it also makes me feel better and  like I said  start reading my Bible. thank you for being real and awesome.

please never stop sharing Bible verses!  this is so great and encouraging!

God saves his toughest challenges for his greatest warriors. know that you are serving him! I know because a few weeks ago I was at the lowest I have ever been. you spoke about how reading your Bible has helped you and how it takes work. so I started to read mine again and within a few weeks my life has changed. God showed me my path forward and healed me. I wasn t going to share because its a very personal thing to share in the internet but I want you to know you are making a difference!



aDizTkivE04
fantastic video melonie! its good to see someone who is openly Christian. I was honestly surprised that you fid a Bible quote at the end of some of your videos and I find it refreshing. I found you through fnt and now think youre one of my new favorites.

holy moly! randomly come here after watching a drinker video and then I got a Bible study! thank you!

its refreshing to see content creator adding Bible verses towards the end. nice video and God bless you.

the just shall live by faith is my go to. stay boomin


ADJ2cRqi04k
dang  don t often see someone with the guts to drop a bible verse. thanks for the video.

alright that s a really good bible verse for this. you made very good points here.

always a good day when mel breaks out the bible and hits some home truths!

i just want to tell you that you shared a wonderful and great bible verse for today melonie.

i love that you read from the bible

go  team hufflepuff!!!!! and a bible verse at the end! love it!

i just want to tell you that you shared a wonderful and great bible verse for today melonie.

Bqm8hAFBWMw
by the time I graduated I had stopped reading my Bible or going to church. its been a very long time but you got me to start reading the Bible again and Im starting to look for a church.

Im feeling like Im under assualt and the natural reaction is to push back.

anyways Bible verses are a very nice touch  God bless!

I watch mainly for the Bible portion of the video but Im also a gamer so its all good. Im at a point in my life right now where Im not sure where to go or what to do. life is just stagnant at the moment. I keep wondering what God has in store for me next. Im ready for that next step.


bx45DhmVbG4
this girl is one of the most based people Ive seen. constantly referring to the Bible for guidance and supporting statements and opinions. great job melonie  and thanks for being a role model.
a gaming content creator throwing in biblical references. thats rare   appreciated. God bless  miss mac.

gotta say  as a fellow Christian  I was absolutely astonished when I finally decided to sit down and read my Bible  cover to cover  and found so many things I d  learned  in church weren t necessarily  true . the bereans had it right. soldier on!

love the fact that this turned into a positive Bible study  context is always important.

originally here from the quartering s channel. I actually recently returned to the faith after being reached out by an evangelical church. I really appreciate the Bible verses  and I think they will help me develop my own relationship with God. 


C14U36fPgOE
i just discovered your channel! definitely agree on reading your bible more can change your mood and let alone out look on life

i have to say again how much i appreciate you sharing your faith in your videos when the you feel moved. it s because of you that i got my faith back. read my bible all the way through last year and working on it again this year. i m a month ahead of pace for finishing by the end of the year. edit  you got me back into the gym  too. i can t thank you enough for that. you literally changed my life.

dude i ve been so depressed and anxious the only thing that takes my mind off things is reading the bible.  it shows that all the crap we have been going through is nothing new but that christ god is always there for us and things work out for those who stay on the path.  cheers and god bless.

he is right. there is so much in the world  for caring and wasting time in a dumb show
i read the bible start to finish in 2021. it really does change your life and perspective. i need to get back into it lol! but it definitely made me confident in the lord and in my faith. i m better able to stand up and defend for what i believe is biblically sound.

thank you for your candor  its still amazes me when you talk so freely   unabashedly about your faith especially in this climate of  cancel woke culture   . the bit about reading the bible - i took it person . god bless you

clicks on this bc i like you and the last of us and wanted to see your opinion on this video  causes me to clean my entire room and read my bible you  genuinely  rock

i m not religious and even i can see why we probably should be living by jesus christ and the bible. there s more evidence for it than against it. i m starting to not even see it as a religion  but rather a way of life and i feel myself growing closer and closer to god by the day whenever i see these crazy stories...

i love it when you talk about the bible. and i ve seen over the last year your growth in your spiritual life  the word  and with god. love it. i pray that you keep growth and learning and sharing. 


C39jvmKRk4A
I am happy to just read my Bible   most awesome thing ive heard all day. I was wondering if you were a believer  really cool to know and makes me so much more receptive to your message


cE_grwGrSBI
melonie  youre probably my new favorite youtuber. I have been watching you for a while  but this new channel is the ish! love to see the interaction with your subs  and the messages from the Bible!  my dad is technically a boomer  and I am ten years older than you  so the kids should not get upset about being called  boomers.

oh wow your read scriptures from the Bible - God bless you melonie mac goes boom.











